- there are passwords and other sensitive information hardcoded in configuration files. Such information in a real-world scenario should come via a secure mechanism e.g. via environment variables, services like KeyVault, build-time templating, etc. **Decision**: I will leave them as they are, not production ready.
- EmailService doesn't work since no component publishes an email.monthly-report message to the RabbitMQ it listens to. Having the service run all the time is also a waste of resources - I'd rather have a cronjob triggered once per month. With respect to timing, do we scale (parallel processing) with amount of users to send as close to month end as possible, or do we utilize timing to our advantage? Is there some time for settlement of transactions that needs to be considered? Can we send links to files instead of attachments (security should be considered differently)? Based on these we have other options, e.g. generating pdfs first and sending emails in batch at a given time; do we include e.g. transactions in the message?
- OrderManagement and ShoppingCart service seems quite basic - a lot of the controller commands and queries are not implemented. At the same time, with the split of cart and order, a cart is a collection of items that is simply persisted and can be retrieved later i.e. CRUD. There are a lot of questions e.g. expiration, changes in items' availability, prices, and a lot more that could and should be done in a realistic scenario to deliver better user experience and to secure the provider's business.
- ProductCatalog seems quite ok as code.
- One of the User Management packages has vulnerabilities. In general most packages are outdated, including by major versions - might be fun upgrading.